gh-81520:  Add documentatoion about unexpected os.path.ismount() behaviour (#136058)
python/cpython: Doc/library/os.path.rst

   device than *path*, or whether :file:`{path}/..` and *path* point to the same
   i-node on the same device --- this should detect mount points for all Unix
   and POSIX variants.  It is not able to reliably detect bind mounts on the
   same filesystem.

>    On Linux systems it will return True for btrfs subvolumes,
>    even if they aren't mountpoints.

Reviewer: Just some general fixups:
```suggestion
   On Linux systems, it will always return ``True`` for btrfs subvolumes,
   even if they aren't mount points.
```

Alternatively, you could put this in a [note](https://devguide.python.org/documentation/markup/#paragraph-level-markup) at the bottom of the function if you want to make this stand out.

>    On Windows, a drive letter root and a share UNC are

Reviewer: Sorry for the conflicting advice on my part, but I think we should just change this back to how you had it originally, even if the diff is larger. The formatting here is just too out of place for me to be comfortable with it.

Author: Ok

   device than *path*, or whether :file:`{path}/..` and *path* point to the same
   i-node on the same device --- this should detect mount points for all Unix
   and POSIX variants.  It is not able to reliably detect bind mounts on the
   same filesystem. On Linux systems it will return True for btrfs subvolumes,

>    even if they aren't mountpoints. On Windows, a drive letter root and a share

Reviewer: Would you mind moving the new sentence to the end of the paragraph to reduce the diff?

Author: In this specific case this would mean that a reader would read POSIX quirks first, then get to Windows behaviour & maybe assume anything related to the 'nix world has been read. The Linux section after the Windows section would risk being overlooked & give this block of documentation a structure that doesn't make any sense except to minimize a git diff. 

The only reasonable solution to minimize the git diff that immediately comes to my mind would be to put each platform specifics in their own paragraph (without a blank line in between, just so that most line break formatting can be retained). With this approach all but one line of the Windows section should be unchanged and continue to be blamable. What do you think?

Reviewer: Ok, that makes sense. The current version looks good.
